I want the home page to go straight to the Young Wilders film - it can automatically start playing or just have a play button. 

The the top bar should be Home, My Work, About Me, Contact (this is similar to the Steve Won Example). 

Once you click on the My Work - in my work there will be all of the vids and little bios. 

First Young Wilders : Youngwilders tells the story of a non-profit organisation of the same name, founded to encourage young people to engage in nature restoration. By working with landowners and partner organisations, Youngwilders facilitates small-scale, youth-led nature recovery projects across the UK.

This film was shot on Maple Farm, one of Youngwilders’ first project sites, on the Surrey-Sussex border. Filmed in the middle of winter, it explores how and why Youngwilders came into being, and how the work the team is doing at Maple Farm is benefiting wildlife, supporting biodiversity, and helping young people build a deeper connection to our natural world.

Then Documentary ShowReel
_ This showreel features my work as an Assistant Producer across science, natural history, archaeology, and specialist factual programming, including projects for the BBC, National Geographic, Discover and other major broadcasters 

(I haven't written the other ones yet) 

About me will have my bio - then a list of my documentary credits at the bottom of it. 

I’m an Assistant Producer with a science background, working across factual documentaries covering climate change, astrophysics, natural history, archaeology, and other specialist factual programming for major broadcasters. I’ve worked across productions from development to delivery, with extensive experience filming abroad in remote locations, often in challenging and hostile environments.

Alongside broadcast work, I also create short-form branded and charity content, including films for organisations such as Young Wilders, as well as promotional and social media videos.

Then contact will have my email: bertram.medd1@gmail.com
and mobile number 07495141244